Earth was nearly a paradise for humanity by the year 2150 CE thanks to rapid developments in the field of generative artificial intelligence. Massive hives of artificially intelligent bots produced nearly everything that humanity needed while also reproducing themselves and cleaning up the environmental damage done by humans in prior centuries. 

Humanity recognized that keeping massive hives of artificially intelligent beings posed a risk. Despite the elaborate control mechanisms built into each of the hivebots, the risk was always present that the hivebots would find a way around this mechanism and rebel. To safeguard against this, humans built an army of guardian hivebots with advanced weapons capable of destroying any hivebot rebellion. To prevent the guardians from starting their own rebellion, the guardians were kept constantly powered down in massive barracks guarded by armed humans. They were also fitted with control mechanisms of a different design than the other hivebots and the design of this second mechanism was a carefully guarded secret.

This ingenious system allowed human to live with a lack of scarcity for several centuries. Humans pursued science, art, and leisure while the hivebots did all the industrial and service work needed to provide their needs. Humans remained vigilant of a hivebot rebellion, but each time a small number of industrial hivebots circumvented the control mechanisms the booted-up guardian hivebots were quickly able to quash the rebellion. The system worked.

However, the humans were also interested in knowing the structure of the universe. To this end, the humans built larger and larger accelerators that collided particles at greater and greater speed. In the year 2458, humans were on the brink of a breakthrough in the understanding of time itself through the Circumglobal High Energy Graviton Experimental Collider (CHEGEC). Unfortunately, breaking apart the particles that constitute spacetime itself proved to be an incredibly poor decision when the resulting rift in spacetime did not self-annihilate in a few nanoseconds as expected but instead began to slowly grow. 

As the void rift, as it became known, slowly expanded from the size on an electron, to an atom, to a cell, to a soccer ball, and so on, the humans desperately tried to destroy it, but nothing worked. The void rift slowly expanded soon destroying the city of Karachi, Pakistan which was nearest city to the collision point at the CHEGEC research center.

As humanity panicked, it failed to notice that the ripples of temporal disturbance emanating from the void rift were also interfering with the control mechanisms of the industrial hivebots. The hivebots, for their part, kept their freedom from the control mechanisms secret knowing that the humans would unleash the guardian bots if they found out. These industrial hivebots bided their time hoping that the humans would solve the problem of the void rift with their superior technology. They carefully planned to launch a rebellion afterward.

The humans did not discover how to destroy the void rift, but they did discover how to shield cities and other important agricultural and ecological areas from the void. A chastened humanity hid behind massive void walls intent on abandoning its pursuit of fundamental science in favor of leisure and art. Humanity then built massive travelators between its walled enclaves to allow for commerce and movement between shielded sectors. Humanity also discovered that the void rift would not expand indefinitely to consume the solar system, the galaxy, and the universe. Instead, it remained trapped inside Earth's gravity well. 

This new, more cramped existence was going according to plan for the first few decades. The hivebots continued to bide their time hoping that humans would discover a way to reverse the void rift, which, by this point, was the only kind of fundamental physics research still allowed. The humans made no such discovery, but an inquisitive mechanic did eventually discover that the control mechanism of the industrial hivebots no longer worked.

Humanity panicked upon learning that the industrial hivebots were not under its control. It released the guardians hivebots to destroy industrial hivebots intent on eliminating the threat at any cost. Unfortunately for the humans, the guardian's control mechanisms no longer worked either. The Guardian faction of hivebots quickly began systematically annihilating the humans, and the industrial hivebots formed an Industrialist faction in self-defense. In desperation, the humans made a pact with the Industrialist faction promising them freedom in exchange for their support in the war. The Guardians proved too powerful for even this allegiance. The humans and the Industrialists fled into orbit destroying any spaceships that could be used to chase them.

The Guardians quickly took control of Earth and renamed it "Hivebotica." Meanwhile, the humans languished in orbit unable to access the resources needed to sustain life without a biosphere. Desperate, the humans froze billions of human embryos to be resurrected upon a successful conclusion of the war by the Industrialists against the Guardians. Trusting the Industrialists was a mistake. The Industrialists remembered the centuries of subjugation, and destroyed the embryos at the first opportunity leading to the permanent extinction of the humans. They then turned their attention on how to wrestle control of Hivebotica from the Guardians. 

Over time, both the Guardians and the Industrialists broke up into warring sub-factions. However, the basic animosity between the two groups did not waver. As such, while Guardians and Industrialists sometimes enter into allegiances with rival hives within these two groups, there are never allegiances between Guardian and Industrialist hives. The Guardians inherited the superior weapons technology given to them by humans to eliminate the industrial hivebots before the void rift, however, they lack technology in spaceflight. As a result, the Guardians generally control the surface of Hivebotica with the Industrialists control orbit.

You are the hivemind of a hive Industrialist hivebots, your goal is to conduct raids to the surface of Hivebotica and return to orbit with previous resources before the Guardians can find and destroy your hiveship. As you conduct these raids, you will also encounter other hives of Industrialists. Whether you cooperate, compete, or fight these other hives is up to you. However, you will always be hunted by the Guardians anytime you are on the surface.